Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, good morning.
Nadine Quintana: Good morning, Glen.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Yeah, I was looking in there. I had sent her the gals in there at about three minutes after in virtual clinic.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I don't know maybe you were you made to wait in or did you get there. A few minutes after
Nadine Quintana: I just have to wait for a little bit longer. Okay. Yeah, I don't know. I mean, they
Gwenevere Abriel: Know you had a six o'clock appointment, they would have checked it last night, they should have been right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would say for it's just show up, maybe a little before five minutes before even for these. I don't know. Then we can make the most of our time anyway. All right, let's get to it. Um, but, but, but let me open up a note.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything kind of pressing going on right now kind of right on the tip of your tongue kind of thing.
Nadine Quintana: Um, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay, so what's been working well for you as far as work, family living arrangement.
Nadine Quintana: Um,
Nadine Quintana: Just been
Nadine Quintana: so busy that I don't even
Nadine Quintana: I don't even know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so maybe that's the point. This is not the first time you're mentioning that what's going on around that you designed it this way. This is a pressure from the workplace pressure for somewhere else. How has it gotten to this point.
Nadine Quintana: Um, I just been working
Nadine Quintana: A lot, and then just
Nadine Quintana: Running around everywhere that I've really got time for really anything
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. You already said that what I asked you was did you design it this way, or is this coming from somewhere else do you
Nadine Quintana: Want it or not.
Nadine Quintana: Um, no. It's just stuff that's happening, they
Nadine Quintana: Don't want it this way. But yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me what's happening. There's pieces missing.
Nadine Quintana: Well, I've just been having to work a lot because a lot of girls.
Nadine Quintana: Quit or hot fire. Whatever happened to them. So I'm having to do extra a lot more extra work. So I leave from work really late at times and then
Nadine Quintana: When I do leave. I always have to go and do other stuff. The work that I don't really got time for myself for time to rest or time to enjoy your day off for
Nadine Quintana: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's not about just the therapy. It turns out there's more things going on in that because here we are we're meeting. We're carving out something in the morning on a work day
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's is this this extra work that you're taking on for people that have quit. What is that about is that about Oh goody. I'm making more money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or is it a Dean doesn't want to say no because she's afraid she'll lose the job, or is it a third or fourth or fifth thing going on it. Maybe we need to identify
Nadine Quintana: Well, I really have no other choice because if I don't do it, then the other girl that I do work with is going to stay with more and it's not fair to her, you know that.
Nadine Quintana: She's kind of in the same situation that I am that I'm in so
Nadine Quintana: If I go and say why can't do this. I can't do this, then it falls all on her and I can't do that to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And tell me about that. I can't do that her. Tell me more.
Nadine Quintana: I'm like, if I were to say, you know, I have to be out of here at a certain time or
Nadine Quintana: I can't work a certain day or, you know, just anything like that it like the extra whatever was supposed to be my job shell now have to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not maybe I get the concept of a shift left of work being passed on. What I'm asking you is
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't like to ask why questions, but I'm feeling like I might have to. Why do you care about her more than you.
Nadine Quintana: Because I wouldn't like for somebody to do that to me. So that's why I don't do her
Gwenevere Abriel: It's being done to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's being done to
Gwenevere Abriel: Your boss is doing it to you're taking on the role of the boss's job. Now this is just another person's opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long can you do it this way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because when
Gwenevere Abriel: This is obviously a moral decision for you right
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's taking from you. You're getting to the point of exhaustion which here in here. I don't. I don't.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have a treatment plan for this this unnamed person. Okay. Both of you are getting dumped on it's the responsibility of your employer to manage the schedule. They need to call their buns in solve the problem. But that's we'll leave that aside your recovery.
Gwenevere Abriel: is at stake. And I'm wondering if you're thinking about that exhaustion. That is a typical really typical trigger for people
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's what I'm talking about.
Nadine Quintana: I always have a trigger.
Gwenevere Abriel: You tell me because I'm not in recovery, you are. We're going to talk about triggers that have been for you. What have been triggers for your substance use in the future or over medicating
Gwenevere Abriel: Or under medicating or forgetting medicine or right exhaustion.
Nadine Quintana: I don't feel like you're really
Nadine Quintana: Does anything to my recovery.
Nadine Quintana: Because I still make sure I take my medicine. I
Nadine Quintana: Try to take her when I can. If I'm not feeling like I could taper the week I want to within I don't over
Nadine Quintana: You know, I don't push myself if I'm just not ready to taper. Then I tell you know I need another week or
Nadine Quintana: You know, so I don't really feel like it's getting in the way of me.
Nadine Quintana: Of my recovery.
Gwenevere Abriel: What has been a trigger.
Nadine Quintana: I don't know, because I'm still trying to even though I have everything that I have going on.
Nadine Quintana: I just
Nadine Quintana: I feel like really proud of myself that I wouldn't
Nadine Quintana: I wouldn't want to jeopardize any being, I wouldn't
Nadine Quintana: You know, so I don't, I don't really know. I don't really think I had a trigger.
Nadine Quintana: Even though I'm exhausted and I
Nadine Quintana: overworked myself. A lot of times I don't feel like I
Nadine Quintana: Don't feel like good trigger. I don't feel
Nadine Quintana: LIKE ANYTHING'S triggering anything
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what are your goals for psychotherapy, let's, let's see what it is that these moments when you visit me and we talk. What is your goal.
Nadine Quintana: Well, like
Nadine Quintana: I don't. I've never, I don't want any call that I that I have is
Nadine Quintana: The one where I
Nadine Quintana: Try to get off Suboxone before this summer.
Nadine Quintana: That's the only thing I have going on for myself.
Nadine Quintana: Other than that, I really don't have a goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can see that. And I think over the years that I've been working with you. I've been feeling this for quite some time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I try and I try and I come up with you with lots of different ideas about how to support your long term recovery. I have over 20 years of experience and getting you to articulate even a trigger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Years into working still can't do it. I have to at some point. Take a look at. I'm not the best fit for you. I have to, I have to at some point I have to
Gwenevere Abriel: talk therapy. The many interventions that I do with clients, this is, this is like, this is what we do. We talk about what got me here. We look at trauma we and we kind of work through some of the desensitization. We do inner child work.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not able to do those things with you. And at some point, because I've been coming out at a comment from a lot of different places. And I think it might be me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think it might be time to explore if you want to hear a little bit about some other people's style. You might feel more comfortable with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I have to at some point. Take a look that it might be a deficit with with our something about our chemistry going on because at this point, you're not able to say what a trigger for substance uses and not be able to say what your goal is. In in in therapy. It is a challenge for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's just tapering then you
Nadine Quintana: But I don't feel any triggers. That's the thing. I don't, I don't, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what the word insight is 19 like that word. Hey, I have inside. He has insight. She has insight.
Nadine Quintana: This person. Nope, nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Happens, like what is inside mean to you.
Nadine Quintana: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, remember when we first started, you said, I want to be a counselor. Remember that
Gwenevere Abriel: What are the skills necessary for a counselor.
Yeah.
Nadine Quintana: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a lot. One of them is to know thyself. One of them is to never be caught off guard to really know the distinction between who I am, what my feelings are my needs and the other whoever the other, whether it's a client. It's a co worker really to be able to know what a boundary is
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: This insight into the self.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is my professional opinion that it is very important to prevent a relapse in the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you believe that substance use for you came out of nowhere. You've said once before you've said a couple of different versions about how it's kind of about one I
Gwenevere Abriel: Told counselors this truth, it wasn't the truth. Now, there's this truth today, there is a wall up between us, that I can't get past there's something going on. I don't know what it is.
Nadine Quintana: Because the way I'm saying to see is that, that's my past that's that's some place I
Nadine Quintana: Don't want to be a
Nadine Quintana: I'm come so far and I look at how I was then and
Nadine Quintana: And I'm not gonna let whatever happened in the past. I'm not gonna let it for my future. I'm not gonna let it. I'm not gonna let that do and not
Nadine Quintana: letting that happen. Yeah.
I understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you believe that there's a piece of information about how psychology works that you may not understand yet, meaning how the brain works.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there a possibility, even a little bit that you may be missing some information I accept that I don't know it all. But do you that there might be something you don't understand that willpower. A note alone. I just won't go back
Gwenevere Abriel: That they might be more time.
Nadine Quintana: On I'm sure there's things that I don't know but I
Nadine Quintana: I don't know, like I've met people I know people that I didn't even know were drug addicts that were hardcore drug addicts and run businesses now and and you would never think that they
Nadine Quintana: Were ever like this and
Nadine Quintana: And
Nadine Quintana: You know, like
Nadine Quintana: Just seen them and knowing them and
Nadine Quintana: How they
Nadine Quintana: You know,
Nadine Quintana: were strong enough to lay I believe people could just do it. I believe that people could if they have it in them and they have that strength in them that I believe that they could, you know, there's some people that that really need more help than others. And then there's
Nadine Quintana: Some people that yes, they need help, but not for ever. And, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you have that you didn't have when you were using
Nadine Quintana: I
Nadine Quintana: Actually have more respect for myself, I have
Nadine Quintana: I have a family.
Nadine Quintana: I mean, I've had my family when I was using but
Nadine Quintana: I just gotten
Nadine Quintana: Closer with my family and
Nadine Quintana: The way our I really even though we get mad with each other and we fight sometimes. And there's times we don't even talk for days with each other, but
Nadine Quintana: I have my family in a way that I've never had them before. I've never been close with my family.
Nadine Quintana: The way I am now.
Nadine Quintana: You know I
Gwenevere Abriel: How did you do that.
Nadine Quintana: A lot was getting clean
Nadine Quintana: Starting to learn how to open up to people and
Nadine Quintana: Let people in I may not let him and all the way, but
Nadine Quintana: You know, I learned
Nadine Quintana: I'm starting to just
Nadine Quintana: Open up a little bit more take down those walls that I used to have been
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it about talking about last that concerns you.
Nadine Quintana: Talked about the past.
Nadine Quintana: I know I just, I wouldn't like to be there again.
Nadine Quintana: Just
Nadine Quintana: Like I think about
Nadine Quintana: No good there's times that I've thought like
Nadine Quintana: How like
Nadine Quintana: grateful I am that
Nadine Quintana: Like I'm not doing drugs anymore because
Nadine Quintana: I just see the way that people are like, I see you know I see drug users.
Nadine Quintana: There's a lot down here and I see the set that's happening to them and you know
Nadine Quintana: Like the way their lives are turning out and you see women that are 40 some years old and they have nothing to show for their lives because they're
Nadine Quintana: addicted to drugs and
Nadine Quintana: I don't want to be some 40 year old woman.
Nadine Quintana: addicted to drugs, even if I don't do something successful with my life. And even if I stay a housekeeper for the rest of my life. But you know what, I have a job, I have
Nadine Quintana: I have a good life and I don't
Nadine Quintana: I just
Nadine Quintana: I rather work my ass off like this every day and be busy every day and overwhelmed and
Nadine Quintana: And tired and drained and whatever, then to ever go back to the life that I had
Gwenevere Abriel: So this concept of insight there are people that
Gwenevere Abriel: Might need them already have it. Some people develop it through discussions through therapy through talking, they learn to understand, ah, this behavior was conditioned, you know that word.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shaped by
Gwenevere Abriel: Typically, our environment, our caregivers or or a specific time limited events. Sometimes it's a trauma. Sometimes it's the loss of someone they shape how we view the world how we view ourselves, our understanding of the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: How it contributes shapes conditions, how we behave today is insight.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the whole
Gwenevere Abriel: crux of psychotherapy, if we only talk about right now if you never look backwards and you never look at an antecedent. It's something that proceeds it
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you don't understand why you're doing what you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have to look back, we look back so that we don't repeat patterns that we didn't like
Gwenevere Abriel: And we get to feel proud as you said about the things that we're doing, we do like
Gwenevere Abriel: But for you talking about the past is something next level unwelcome you don't like to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Nadine Quintana: It's I mean of course I've talked about my past. I mean,
Nadine Quintana: There's a lot of times that I talk about my past and I, you know, talk to friends or
Nadine Quintana: You know, family, and I've talked about my drug use and stuff like that and
Nadine Quintana: And it just
Nadine Quintana: I don't know, it's, it's
Nadine Quintana: When I'm talking about it like for somebody
Nadine Quintana: Like for instance, my friend, her boyfriend's addicted to drugs and she was telling me about it. And, you know, for some reason, I started talking about my drug habit in the past and it felt good about
Nadine Quintana: I guess.
Nadine Quintana: I guess I don't know when I feel
Nadine Quintana: Pressured and for some reason this goes with anything, not just my past, when I'm forced into talking about something or I'm forced into doing something that's I guess it angers me
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Now you're getting somewhere. Now you're doing some truth telling. That's what I
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, uh huh.
Nadine Quintana: And you know I like to do things, even if it's a little as littlest tiniest thing.
Nadine Quintana: You know, if I'm asked to do something or
Nadine Quintana: Talk about something. It annoys me
Nadine Quintana: I just like to, you know, let things out.
Nadine Quintana: On my time on my own. When I feel comfortable or I feel okay to do it or
Nadine Quintana: I mean, I don't like I said, I don't mind talking about my past. I guess it's just the fact that
Nadine Quintana: When
Gwenevere Abriel: You're being pressured to do it. You don't like it.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, I don't like and
Nadine Quintana: And and
Gwenevere Abriel: You know that. I know that that I've been watching this for years. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm okay. I'm but it. Here it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your end what I'm asking you is do you leave room for the fact that there might be big pieces of successful recovery for you that you're getting in the way of because of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now this is very complicated stuff meeting you can't wait. We can't just lay it out. I can't just say, well, knock it off like Of course not. You've come out of this style, I believe, because you need it. It's adapted for you. But if it's the only skill. We're using
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be getting in the way. And out here. I gotta ask you
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you saw something in group or maybe you saw something in individual therapy. You don't get a lot of psychotherapy, because we're busy doing this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm talking about the wall. We do a lot of time I hammer away at it and then we today. We're 32 minutes in still haven't done an exercise now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to be patient with that I have to say, you know, on my schedule, maybe what I consider is, you know, I think she's got the capability. I think she's got enough ego strength. I think she can do
Gwenevere Abriel: The therapeutic interventions. I think she can do it. But if you don't think you can if you don't think you can sit with the vulnerability
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to respect that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I do care. And I'm concerned because if you can't say this is these are triggers. I'm going to keep my eye out for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got you go to any book. Go to any website. They're going to talk about relapse prevention, we have to know how we got where we are so that we can be more in control of our future.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just how it works. It
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't just on strong know we we understand ourselves. We understand our behavior better so that we can have the future that we want.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's relapse prevention. It's just, you can go by a lot of different names, but it does take inside
Gwenevere Abriel: This piece about
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I don't want to be pushed
Gwenevere Abriel: There's been times where, in general, I don't. And it's created the space for you, where you volunteered things that I didn't push you came to me right that you're someone who's just, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Say what you want to say when you want to say it, that's up to you but at other times I mean we're, we're a long time into treatment. And so I'm checking in and I'm saying, Do you know the word insight. What's a, what's a trigger. And you're saying I
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know how can I not be concerned, I have this treatment. This relapse prevention that I've been building for years, and there's like
Not much in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Triggers you've said in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are irritation negative self talk. Why is this happening to me. Okay, you've been able to say them in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: Had habit of playing victim and plant blaming mom for a lot of stuff you've been able to say that
Gwenevere Abriel: A trigger doesn't mean I want to go use a trigger is I'm getting myself so emotionally distraught.
Gwenevere Abriel: That that idea of escape keeps moving up and up and up on the list of solutions. This can take months and years to begin the journey of a slip or a relapse.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not diminished, because let me ask you something. Has there been anything that therapy meeting meeting with me has helped you with
Gwenevere Abriel: AN AUDITION FOR A compliment I really just want to know whether you see that
Nadine Quintana: Or yeah, I think I've come over, I
Nadine Quintana: Can't really pinpoint like what happened, but I know something happened along the way, where I was able to
Nadine Quintana: You know,
Nadine Quintana: start letting people in not something I had a very hard time that I've seen lots of counselors for and I was not able to do that.
Nadine Quintana: Till I started talking to you. There was with my PTSD, where it was so bad and I wouldn't sleep for days because of it. And when I started talking to you. It
Nadine Quintana: Like I never even had PTSD. Okay.
Nadine Quintana: So I have noticed
Nadine Quintana: A lot of, you know,
Nadine Quintana: Stuff about me syncing you
Nadine Quintana: Change.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is that's the word trust increased trust you may not know how to describe it, but out here. It's funny. I'm not in
Gwenevere Abriel: Your moment to moment experience of thing so it's easier for someone outside to see what's going on. It's just the way it is because
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not distracted by how it feels. So here what you've done is you've increased self trust, which means it's been possible for you to let in people into your emotional into your personal life, not all the way a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and you have worked very hard around the, the reduction of the symptoms of the PTSD.
Gwenevere Abriel: So knowing that,
Gwenevere Abriel: Would it be possible for you to risk a little bit in here and not be the one that leads because there's many times when you have let me lead
Gwenevere Abriel: And have I lend you giving you such bad ideas. I don't give advice and I'll say hey Navy and go do this, I invite people to try some things on see if they work for him. I'll show you some skills. It's up to you what you do with them. I can't possibly know how to live your life, but I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see my concern. I mean, you're hearing it like I hope I've got some credibility at this point.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah i mean i i see your concern. Um,
Nadine Quintana: But just being truthful. I, I don't know, I just like to me. I
Nadine Quintana: I've been like I
Nadine Quintana: And I know I don't say much in in our sessions and I don't let a lot out for
Nadine Quintana: Like to me. I feel like I
Nadine Quintana: I don't know, I can't explain it, it's just
Nadine Quintana: Something that I
Nadine Quintana: Think that I feel
Nadine Quintana: About myself that I I never felt before like it.
Nadine Quintana: I don't know i i can't put into words. What I'm trying to see
Gwenevere Abriel: I have a lot of words. I learned a lot of them in school. Let me see if some of them.
Were
Gwenevere Abriel: Needing scale of zero to 10 how high is your self esteem.
Nadine Quintana: I'm pretty is
Your number
Nadine Quintana: Good 910
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's one way that we kind of measure how am I doing, how do I feel about myself, but I feel like if something negative happens I can get up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Assess the problem and put a solution to it. And I can get up and I can handle it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tends to be a sense of esteem. I believe in myself. I don't question it. If this is what I think is in the best interest of myself, my family. Why then, I'm going to take action and I'm going to go get it done in general, that's kind of where it lives.
Gwenevere Abriel: People that low self esteem. Don't trust. Notice that word coming up again don't trust if their ideas that one they're having right now. Oh, it's no good.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can't be good at won't work. And then there's probably not going to be a lot of movement solve the problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're not going to believe that they can go get that job, go back to school that they can even speak in group or that their ideas have value the esteem, the sense of I have value in the self is very low. Here's this high right now that says to me, exhaustion or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: You still feeling really good about who you are. That's exciting. I love here. I'm not if it changes. I'm going to want to know, too. But this is a good way for me to, in the absence of really tangible goals. This is a good one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Another one is
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we'll just go real basic will go to things that basically everyone does in substance abuse treatment. So one of them is established a sustained recovery free from the use of all mood altering substances. So, to some degree, although certainly not to the degree that heroin is
Gwenevere Abriel: The buprenorphine is somewhat mood altering it can have just just this little experience, you know, just as it hits the bloodstream, people can feel this this little i don't know maybe it's a rush. But there's an awareness that it's in your bloodstream, whereas
Gwenevere Abriel: What would it be like for you to not have that anymore.
Nadine Quintana: Um,
Nadine Quintana: I thought about this the lot.
Nadine Quintana: I think
Nadine Quintana: At the beginning, I would have to
Nadine Quintana: I would have to get myself use to
Nadine Quintana: La
Nadine Quintana: I'm
Nadine Quintana: Like when I'm starting to like really come off of it and I'm on my last little milligrams and that I i know that's gonna be
Nadine Quintana: A little
Nadine Quintana: Different
Nadine Quintana: Because it's already starting to
Nadine Quintana: Feel a little different but
Nadine Quintana: I think it would be exciting.
Nadine Quintana: Like
Nadine Quintana: I don't know. That's what I think that I think it'd be like really, really exciting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so what you just did. Let's talk more about the it's already starting to feel different. Tell me.
Nadine Quintana: Specifically, say I see I was, I was like, you know,
Nadine Quintana: I went from, you know, doing heroin to now on the Suboxone to being on a really high dose to now.
Nadine Quintana: Being at four.
Nadine Quintana: And a half and
Gwenevere Abriel: That's so great and proud of you.
Nadine Quintana: And it's just like mind blowing like
Say,
Nadine Quintana: I don't know. I'm just like, I'm really proud of myself, you know,
Nadine Quintana: And it's exciting like
Nadine Quintana: It kind of brings me down when I
Nadine Quintana: Like like last week, I was just like, no, you know, I need to see another week. Yeah. Or, you know, even though it's not the two weeks, like I wanted. And I know there's going to be
Nadine Quintana: moments like that where I'm just like, I can't. This week I have to stay another week. I know that that's going to happen. Right. But at the same time. I'm just like, you know what I this is so exciting, like every time I move down a half a milligram. I'm just like static, you know, I'm
Nadine Quintana: Even though, like a lot of the times I don't feel good at first, and I'm with the cold sweats and I'm just like, I'm still happy, even though I feel like shit i i'm still
Nadine Quintana: It's like a wonderful feeling that I can have it just like I just want to jump up and down and be like, Damn, I came a long, long way from where I was that
Nadine Quintana: And it makes me really really proud of myself, you know, and I know I could do it. I mean, I know I could and I know it's going to be different. I know.
Nadine Quintana: It is, I know because like I said I was so used to doing the heroin and then I was so used to this. The boxes. Yeah. And having something there. I know it's gonna be a challenge. At first I know it is
Nadine Quintana: But
Nadine Quintana: I don't know i i just
Nadine Quintana: I believe in myself. I mean, I, you know, like I could do it even I know I could I
Nadine Quintana: And, you know, and I think about that, like we're
Nadine Quintana: I know I'll never be the person I was even before I started doing drugs, you know that happy outgoing funny person. I will never, I mean, of course I will be those things I will never be the person I was before I started doing drugs, but I'm a whole new person. Yeah, and
Nadine Quintana: To not be on anything at all, and to be this new person that I am that I'm becoming is exciting to me because I'll be sober.
Nadine Quintana: And I'm
Nadine Quintana: Starting to get a little taste of
Nadine Quintana: The new me
Nadine Quintana: You know the person that jokes around and and laughs and you know could cry like before I couldn't cry in front of people at all. I would be so mad at myself when I cry and print people and now it's like
Nadine Quintana: I have I been catching myself doing that a lot
Nadine Quintana: You know, and I don't feel bad about it. I don't feel mad at myself, if anything, sometimes I even
Nadine Quintana: Laugh it off and and you know when I have people that talk to me. And it's a whole different
Nadine Quintana: It's different than what it was before. Before I would have gotten mad. I know I'm rambling and
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep going. You're saying really important things
Nadine Quintana: And, you know, like
Nadine Quintana: I want experience that I want. I can't wait to do all this new stuff that I i learned all this new stuff that I've been
Nadine Quintana: Feeling and, you know, sober, but nothing with no Suboxone, no nothing.
Like
Nadine Quintana: A new person I go
Nadine Quintana: With happy for once. I actually feel happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can credit it to just you, you'll no longer have to include credit to a substance.
Nadine Quintana: Yes, exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: that suits your personality perfectly because watch what you were talking about earlier. I don't want
Gwenevere Abriel: To have to hold on, because this is this sort of metaphor stuff. I don't want to have to credit. A gwan of year.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of someone else when they tell me to go do something I want to do it by myself. I want to give myself full credit when I take someone else's push. I have to give a little bit of credit to them. I know that sounds like a real stretch. But if that hypothesis is true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those two things match up really well, hey, when I look and I say, am I the one that's really happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I enjoying what I'm enjoying it. My excited for my own reasons, doing the things I want to do not for someone else, not because someone else helped me I help myself. I know I live my own life. And I think what you're saying is that is really appealing, meaning you want that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that right
Nadine Quintana: Um,
Nadine Quintana: Somewhat but
Nadine Quintana: I know a lot had to do because of the work with you because I have admitted it.
Nadine Quintana: To my friend passed.
Nadine Quintana: And I have mentioned this before that ever since I've come here.
Nadine Quintana: And started talking, you know,
Nadine Quintana: What to you.
Nadine Quintana: That it's
Nadine Quintana: That it's helped bring up it's helped with a lot of the issues I was having and I think it helps to bring
Nadine Quintana: You know, bring everything out and learn how to handle things. And I know we didn't always. And I don't know, maybe I'm just weird. I don't know what it is.
Nadine Quintana: But you may not believe this, because we don't get a lot of work done. We don't do a lot of the activities you want to do, but to me when it helps me to just talk. Okay.
Nadine Quintana: Okay. It really does.
Nadine Quintana: And I know you want to try these activities and I know
Nadine Quintana: But for some reason, I'm just, I
Nadine Quintana: Just the talking itself.
Nadine Quintana: Mean you talking like this.
Nadine Quintana: It helps me
Gwenevere Abriel: And and i know that too. And it might be right around that you get to innocence. Be a little defiance meaning kind of hands on the hips like this. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going to do
Gwenevere Abriel: You're awake when. But wait, if it's true because that's what I can see, I can see that happening. I've been watching it for a long time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I've told I told you, and I've told a lot of people
Gwenevere Abriel: There's concepts in psychology called transference and counter transference. There's these. They're really amazing things a different theory is going to call it a reenactment lots of cool terms out there, but I've, I like the one transference.
Gwenevere Abriel: The relationship that you and I have may mimic copy looks similar to one that you've had in the past where you have not been able to
Gwenevere Abriel: Put your hands on your hips. It's just a metaphor and say no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch, not only say no. But the person that you're talking to doesn't walk away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't shame you doesn't blame you, doesn't make you feel like crap so you know how you're saying it just feels good. Like right now, to be able to say my truth even right. It's kind of scary because what if there was a conflict. What if we blow up now.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not going to happen. I had to. I started with. I need to see if maybe I'm the problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you didn't run off the screen. This was an incredibly challenging dynamic. You and I are sitting through, you could have just as easily said f you, lady.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could have registered one of your you're abandoning me. You could have registered so many different things and what you did instead is you sat here you felt through it and I bet it wasn't the easiest thing to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're still here. That's right. This
Gwenevere Abriel: Is good because you there aren't a lot of relationships where you can put your hands on your head, you can stand up for what you believe in, say, I love to do it my way.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the other person doesn't get pissed off or offended. It's a very rare thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's healing for you. That's probably why it feels so good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Husband can't do it, kids. We can't do it. Mom No, see, you know, siblings, know they're all wrapped up making about themselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: A therapeutic relationship if it's done right means you get to get mad at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to be afraid. You get to get hurt offended, all of it and I don't go away. I stay right here and I sit with it and I contain it. And I say to you over and over and over, basically.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay to your. Okay, that's one of those emotions, it'll show up somewhere else. And let's sit with it together. It's going to be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it is very therapeutic. When you say I want to do it on my terms and I have a hypothesis about why that's so important, but thing about it is I have the insight and because I care about you because I want you to have long term, the rest of your life recovery.
Gwenevere Abriel: Knowing how you got here is power and why you wouldn't want it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Concerns me. So if I do have some credit. Can you bank on that. Can you rely on that when I say to know thyself, is to heal thyself. When you know why you do what you do, you're powerful
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all I want for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Always anything i have i want i want you to have it you have it. It's yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some things won't, won't be biochemically healed.
Gwenevere Abriel: From just telling the story.
Gwenevere Abriel: These other experiential exercises or the healing process. Now I could be wrong. And it might be because I've been watching and right you don't do a lot, a lot, a lot of sharing, but you've listened very closely and group and you've listened very, very closely.
Nadine Quintana: In here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You take it in because I'll watch you won't say much. And then you'll come back and all of a sudden, there'll be a word in there that wasn't there before. There'll be this new confidence. This new assertiveness. This new piece. So I know it's going in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it can hit
Gwenevere Abriel: This is coming from a place of
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit of what's called counter transference. Which means I don't know if I'm doing a good enough job for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Your transference in here would be maybe getting irritated with me because I represent, maybe someone who's kind of pushed you around are
Gwenevere Abriel: Made to do something you didn't want to do that would be transference. But we're human beings, so that that flows. My job is basically to keep an eye on that stuff. So I've got to make sure make sure I'm keeping an eye on what's going on for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's going on for you. You just have to pay attention. You gotta do both.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hope you hear that it's it's just I might be rushing might be hurrying well let's let's get this relapse prevention together because you are tapering and you're saying, I'm excited and and and and so when you say things like
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I can do it. Well, yeah. The it
Gwenevere Abriel: In my terms is your life and life includes disappointment rejection betrayal falling in love and the terrifying experience of what if I lose that love
Gwenevere Abriel: Sexuality hunger lust fear disappointment of embarrassment. I mean, all of it. When you say, I can do it. That's what I think of. And so when I say well how's 19 around all of those. How has she been testing herself. Has she never
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know about embarrassed. Yeah, I know about a few of them.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, I
Nadine Quintana: Tested myself quite a bit lately so
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Nadine Quintana: So far I'm still standing. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: More than just standing. You're saying to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm happy, even in the presence of of what embarrassment betrayal disappointment. Those overwhelm. Yeah, that's what it is that's that's what my life is for life is life.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's what we do with it that makes the difference. And if before it was, I can't handle it.
Gwenevere Abriel: If that's over. If you're saying, whenever I can. I've tested it. I'm going down. I'm tapering and I'm feeling those feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: To a degree that I just didn't before. And I'm handling it in a way that I am proud of. Then Bravo, then you're doing what I think it's going to take for you to have sustained recovery.
Gwenevere Abriel: And all I'm doing is just I want to kind of poke those buttons, a little bit here and there just to see if they're there because I want to protect you. I want to make sure that you're ready.
Nadine Quintana: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Want. I want to hear it. I'll shut up.
Nadine Quintana: I don't know, I just
Nadine Quintana: I gone through some stuff.
Nadine Quintana: And
Nadine Quintana: Like for instance, how I told you I couldn't say no to people and
Nadine Quintana: Um, you know, like
Nadine Quintana: My mom. The other day I told her, you know, like, you know what, I can't
Nadine Quintana: I can't, I'm going to relax. I don't want nobody calling me. I don't want nobody bothering me. I'm gonna enjoy my day off, don't bother me like I was able to say that
Nadine Quintana: That's a man. I was so proud of myself and then
Nadine Quintana: I started talking to my husband again.
Nadine Quintana: Oh really, yes. And
Nadine Quintana: I just, it's just so different, like I
Gwenevere Abriel: recognize you.
Nadine Quintana: And he tells me to like I like the new you. I like the new you. And you know, and then like my mom finding out that I was talking to my husband again. She was like,
Nadine Quintana: Oh, you know why. And this and I said, because, and I stood up for myself and I was like, because I can, and because I want to, and he's the father, my kids and I'm not cutting him out of my life.
Nadine Quintana: You know, and I was able to send up to her and it felt really really good to do that this, this just happened yesterday. In fact, and I did it in a way to where I didn't yell at her.
Nadine Quintana: I told her how I felt. And you know what
Nadine Quintana: We continued enjoying the day and we continued shopping and when on like nothing ever happened. And I told her what I had to tell her.
Nadine Quintana: And before it wasn't like that before. It was like fighting and arguing and one of us would leave and
Nadine Quintana: I was just so happy and proud of myself to handle it the way that I handled it and then a while back, you know, I started, I was talking to this one guy and I had been talking to him for five months. And all of a sudden he just
Nadine Quintana: acted like this big jerk and just, you know,
Nadine Quintana: Kind of was messed up with me, you know, and I was like oh my god I started crying and I was like, I'm going crazy. And, you know, and then I was like,
Nadine Quintana: Who the hell is he, you know, who, who the hell is why am I crying over him.
Nadine Quintana: You know, he's probably out there. Happy Talking to other girls and having a good time and I'm here like an idiot crying over this punk.
Nadine Quintana: Know,
Nadine Quintana: And I just was like, whatever, and I
Nadine Quintana: I haven't even talked to him since I felt like that that day and it's been like three weeks. That's amazing. And you know, I just I just noticed a lot of stuff about myself that I'm like, I can do it.
Nadine Quintana: I can do it if I, you know, even if it hurts somebody's feelings, there's a way to say it to where you don't get into a fight with them or you don't, you know,
Nadine Quintana: Even though they're not going to like it. You know what I could do this because I need to do this for myself, because if I hold it in or I
Nadine Quintana: I go off with all my anger. It's not going to go nowhere. So I have to say how I'm feeling. And after let that out. Because if not, I'm the one that's going to stay hurting. I'm the one that's going to stay messed up. In the end, you know, so
Nadine Quintana: I have to
Nadine Quintana: Like when it comes to like the affiliate part
Nadine Quintana: I have to put myself first. Okay. And I'm starting to recognize that
Gwenevere Abriel: Some nagging see how you just said that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's face that I'm in around I'm getting overwhelmed. I'm doing it. So this friend doesn't get hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all that was my only points right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So all I'm inviting all I'm inviting him right. Is that, is that just on your own terms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Taking a look at it and saying where's the line, how long can I do this before, because no matter what, no matter how strong whatever however you conceptualize yourself if I'm hungry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm angry. I'm lonely from sleepy but right I'm tired. I'm not going to act right I'm just, it's just a fact because that's just Kansas. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's that's the halt hungry angry lonely tired, we memorize it, we say, okay, am I in that
Gwenevere Abriel: You won't mean to be snippy snappy snooty with someone because you're overtired are exhausted. It just happens because we're not operating with her full brain we absolutely have to rest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you know how you protected it with your mom, you know it. So all I was was checking in on that word exhaustion. For many people, it's that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: That gets them. That's all I'm doing is just gently. So if, if you could just say if some introspection, while you're doing some work around. What is it about this friend. What is it about
Gwenevere Abriel: This particular moment that I won't stand up and say to my boss or to whoever hey
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a way to say it, I need to do this for myself, even if it hurts someone because you just said those words, right, I've got to put myself first
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not at the expense of someone else. And he didn't. You didn't quit and dump all the work on said friend what you did was your job. Someone else was a mess, they're gone, the boss.
Gwenevere Abriel: Put the pressure on you to now you'd you're going to do is you're going to do I. All I'm saying is out here. Just be aware, it's the same skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you use with mom that you use with husband you used in here with me, you know, your truth and you only you know where that line is where it's like
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to go with this. I don't want to dump on this friend because I don't want it dumped on me. But at what point, but I down to two hours of sleep at night or one, like, do you know where that limit is where you will have to say to your boss. Listen dude, dude.
Gwenevere Abriel: Work it out. I'm going home.
Nadine Quintana: I can get the day to
Gwenevere Abriel: Me.
Nadine Quintana: Well, I had like we had like 27 rooms, each of us and
Nadine Quintana: I
Nadine Quintana: You know what, I was like, I'm not. And I told the people out front desk. I was like, you know what I'm going to do as much as I can.
Nadine Quintana: I'm not going to kill myself and I'm not going to work myself to death over these rooms. Do I have to roll some rooms.
Nadine Quintana: For tomorrow and matter of fact I was off the next day. So it was like, so if I wrote the rooms, you guys are gonna have to figure that out on how you guys are going to clean them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your whole Tuesday off you kept it preserved for yourself. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, go girl, that's what I'm talking about, right, that's it. Now you see what I was doing over here going checking in really making
Making sure you don't
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, I mean, I will do it.
Nadine Quintana: And I will do a lot of stuff and I will work and work and work and I do get exhausted but I'm not going to
Nadine Quintana: I'm not going to kill myself over it. So if it doesn't get done. It doesn't get done and no one's going to die because it doesn't get done. So I mean, people may be mad.
Nadine Quintana: But you know what, I'm not going to get myself so I'm not going to get myself drink because to make somebody else happy. Yes, I will do what I can.
Nadine Quintana: But that's as far as I'm going and
Gwenevere Abriel: So for you, the phrases. I won't kill myself. That's what when I say, Do you know where that line is your boundary of how much you will do
Gwenevere Abriel: To not hurt this this other woman right because to dump on her. You're not dumping on her you're doing your work plus work it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone else
Gwenevere Abriel: Now she has to maintain her own boundaries to friend said, friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay, I'm hearing a little bit more than indeed you are still very much protecting
Gwenevere Abriel: Rest in that personal growth space and you're doing it in a way it sounds like you're really proud of the way you're saying it, you're, you're being mindful of.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to say it in a way that's not blame me. It's not name calling. I'm just going to say this is my limit. I'm going to spend time alone not going to go do this. I need some quiet time and it's turning out great people aren't
Gwenevere Abriel: getting pissed off, right, because you're you're changing kind of the way you're saying things to
Gwenevere Abriel: So all right, well, that's just so cool. Now what you did is you explain to me the
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of evidence of how in the very beginning, you were saying I've got this. I think I've got this, you know, you gave me those pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that that does help.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are skills. That's the stuff that good can get plugged in a relapse prevention plan. I can go here, I can go to. How am I feeling. Am I, am I
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I would go to exhausted. I would go there and say, you know. Am I completely empty tank, meaning I have nothing left. I
Gwenevere Abriel: I have no energy no inspiration. No, creativity, no enthusiasm, have I given so much that I have nothing left for myself. That's what I'm trying to stay on top of, like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that what we're getting. We're getting that bad. What are you going to get that bad. How bad is going to get, you know, so I'm just sort of kind of go in there and making sure you're you recognize it when it's starting to get close.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm hearing it, because you've been showing up in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: With a real low sort of vibe.
Gwenevere Abriel: And some keeping an eye on it and i and i just checking in and making sure you're aware of where that limit is and I'm hearing some good things you're saying I'm pushing back. I'm not going to let myself kill myself. And I think that's the boundary that
Gwenevere Abriel: You and I are talking about call it. I'm not going to kill myself over this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tomorrow's another day. I think that's the same line as I'm talking about, which is know your boundary know nowhere to say that I've got to take care of my recovery and I say recovery. But what I mean is mental health.
Nadine Quintana: Okay and see and I was just taking it, I guess, a different way. But now that you explained it to me. It makes a lot more stem
Nadine Quintana: And I just, I thought your means something different. I, I really wasn't getting what you are seeing
Nadine Quintana: So now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is really complicated for some people.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're so excited about what they're doing a lot of people. I mean, there have been times in my life when I've worked three jobs plus was
Gwenevere Abriel: Spent a lot of time moving around, doing some fun things to I was like okay I started going a little psychotic
Gwenevere Abriel: But you know, I was like, all right, I gotta check myself now. Um, but I wasn't mad about it. I was just like, oh, I look, I can do this. I could do this. I was excited and in my own life. I'm having fun with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm putting myself out at my brain wasn't working. Well, I needed more sleep. I needed to actually have a little bit more balance and something had to give
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're excited about what you're doing. That's, that's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just keep keep a check on sleep. Sleep is going to be the one you're going to know
Gwenevere Abriel: Sleep and rest and personal time, those are going to probably be key factors to keep an eye on if they're getting scrunched and there's hardly any of it. That might be the line. Okay, I've got a step back. I've got to balance out work and personal life a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are warning signs people oftentimes will use sleep and personal rest time as a warning sign if it's getting encroached on which means it's getting really small. That's when
Gwenevere Abriel: I might be overdoing distraction, which work can be a might be
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's a pretty common one. So, all right.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you doing today, how's the House today. How you feeling at the end.
Good. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so it is a challenge though because I'm very goal directed. I like to know where we're going. So that I can help us get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've mentioned some things about dynamics with your mother. But then I just heard something today that says you are assertive, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Where do you, where do you think you need some growth.
Nadine Quintana: I'm
Nadine Quintana: People, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's just look at the things we have written down, okay, because we're right we're already 12 minutes over, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just going to write a little something for the things we already have written, which is reduced frequency of nightmares. How many nightmares. You have over the last 30 days. Would you say
Men.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me Dean.
I know
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so happy for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I can, I can basically from zero times a month to twice a month was the goal. I can put accomplished on this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually done. Okay. And then there's increased assertive communication to perceived authority figures you just gave me. He just gave me one about your boss, you just gave me one, a parent is also an authority figure, even though. Y'all are adult you're an adult child.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you still need work around that or want work around that, because I don't. And the fact that the way you phrase what you were doing with your mom with with your boss. Those are the skills. It's can't, I don't have that to give right
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't work for me right now. I'll touch base with you if if something changes. Those are though. That's what you need. That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's your know right. It's just we say fancy way. We don't just say no, we can fancy it up with a little bit of that doesn't work for me right now, but check back with me tomorrow, or I'll touch base with you if something changes. That's a fancy way to say no.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to keep working on it. Otherwise, I can close this one out. What do you want to do. How are you, how do you assess your assertive communication with perceived authority figures.
Nadine Quintana: I mean, I think.
Nadine Quintana: I was gonna say, close it out.
Nadine Quintana: I don't know, like I kind of want to stay working on it.
Nadine Quintana: You know, just to
Nadine Quintana: Because it's happened a few times for
Gwenevere Abriel: It might be about duration. It might be about. For some people, they'll say, Oh, I know how to do it, it's, I don't want to be as distressed while I'm doing it. I don't want to feel like I'm about URL up
Gwenevere Abriel: Or have my heart feels like I can see it like a cartoon coming out of my chest or about to cry or
Gwenevere Abriel: So for some people it's I got the skill. Now I want to be emotionally regulated while I'm doing it for some people it's like now I wanted to
Gwenevere Abriel: Really roll off the tongue and not spend the next 10 minutes feeling guilty about it or something like it's different for everyone. How do you think you would measure yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: As having
It.
Nadine Quintana: as I can. I'm just because my boss is real easy. But like you said, like when I was doing that with my mom, I could feel myself like it tensed up
Nadine Quintana: When I when I did that, even though I did it. And I follow through with it. I still felt really tense and I felt like
Nadine Quintana: Like
Nadine Quintana: I don't know, like I just want to kind of run but I stayed there, you know, and
Nadine Quintana: So, I mean, maybe that's something I could work on, you know, like I have been there. Maybe it's just, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about next time, kinda like this. I like this timing. There's no distractions, you're in the house. If we could take this right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think and you won't know until you meet me next time. But I'd like to invite right up front. Hey Dean. Let's take this, I felt like I wanted to run when I was being assertive with my mom and then can I do an experiential exercise with you around that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It won't be CVT where we're just talking like this will be doing different kinds of activities.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't tell me then, because I don't you and I don't know how you're going to feel that
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, increased understanding of self trust and interpersonal trust. Okay, now that's the big one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you do you notice I wrote it this way because this is not a this is not a quote. This is me designing the goal for you. Okay, increase understanding of self trust.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you understand when you are doing it, I trust myself right in the moment versus
Gwenevere Abriel: I am making a decision out of fear, it's automatic. I don't even know what's going on. Do you know when you are making a decision and really understand when you are trusting your intuition, you understand it.
Nadine Quintana: I'm yeah I think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, because you gave examples when you
Gwenevere Abriel: acted on that trust with said people boss and mother that was you trusting your own opinion not leaving it to someone else to decide.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh man. Oh, rest baby you rest you need some rest or you shouldn't work so hard. No, you trusted your own assessment and you asserted yourself and said, I need to take some time to chill.
Nadine Quintana: Okay.
Nadine Quintana: So that's it. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's beautiful. And that's a big piece of what you were talking about today's is that ability to let people in bringing that wall down. All right, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh frequency closures into a trust yep you doing and you said you're on 4.5 milligrams now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, time to meet. Do you want to wait like two or three weeks. What, what would work for you.
Nadine Quintana: I'm
Nadine Quintana: Sure, we could do with a night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like march 24 Oh no wait, did you, what do you want to do it again at this time.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then let's do march 26 which is a Thursday, just like it'll feel like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: At six
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, March 26 at six. That's a Thursday. And I'm just going to put
We haven't done any of the pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I've got a few things. Okay, cool. All right, I'll see you in group do you. Is there any medication attached to today, or you're good to go.
Nadine Quintana: I'm good to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, my dear, enjoy your day and I'll talk to you soon.
Nadine Quintana: Okay, thank you.
Nadine Quintana: Bye. Bye. Okay, bye.